SM-6708: Update docs for Section 74 list endpoint (#818)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/_includes/api-documentation/v3/resource-guide.md

external integrators to retrieve additional information for the works returned by the <code>GET /works/updates</code> endpoint.
{: .govuk-body}

#### Section 74s
{: .govuk-heading-s}

<code>GET /section-74s</code>

Retrieves a list of section 74s which are associated with the authenticated user's organisation.
{: .govuk-body}

> Contractors are required to provide optional swa_code parameter in order to state which promoter they are working on behalf of.

Reviewer: I thought we usually called out the filter parameters too in this section?

Author: Good point, based this one off Section 81s which seem to be missing the filter options also. I'll update both

external integrators to retrieve additional information for the works returned by the <code>GET /works/updates</code> endpoint.
{: .govuk-body}

#### Section 74s
{: .govuk-heading-s}

<code>GET /section-74s</code>

Retrieves a list of section 74s which are associated with the authenticated user's organisation.
{: .govuk-body}

Query params:
{: .govuk-body}

<ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--bullet">
  <li><strong>section_74_ha_status</strong>: The Section 74 HA Status i.e. warning issued, resolved</li>
  <li><strong>issue_date_from</strong>: Date filtering based on the Section 74 issue date</li>
  <li><strong>issue_date_to</strong>: Date filtering based on the Section 74 issue date</li>
  <li><strong>sort_column</strong>: The property used to order results by</li>
  <li><strong>sort_direction</strong>: Ascending/descending</li>
  <li><strong>query</strong>: Search field for work reference number, section 74 reference number, street information (partial match), USRN, or organisation</li>
  <li><strong>swa_code</strong>: Optional parameter to be used by contractors only. Used to provide the swa code of the promoter the contractor is working on behalf of</li>

>   <li><strong>geographical_area_reference_number</strong>: An optional array of Geographical Areas that you would like to filter your list by as a HA user</li>

Reviewer 2: Do we need to call these out as optional? Are all the params not optional?

>   <li><strong>offset</strong>: The number of results to skip when returning the resultset, used for pagination</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <li><strong>offset</strong>: The number of results to skip when returning the result set, used for pagination</li>
```

>   <li><strong>offset</strong>: The number of results to skip when returning the resultset, used for pagination</li>

Reviewer 2: We don't seem to call out the offset param for any of the other endpoints. It's just included in the pagination section. Maybe inconsistent to add it to these two?

Retrieves a list of section 81s which are associated with the authenticated user's organisation.
{: .govuk-body}

Query params:
{: .govuk-body}

<ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--bullet">
  <li><strong>section_81_status</strong>: The Section 81 Status i.e. issued, accepted</li>
  <li><strong>section_81_severity</strong>: The Section 81 Severity i.e. high, low</li>
  <li><strong>sort_column</strong>: The property used to order results by</li>
  <li><strong>sort_direction</strong>: Ascending/descending</li>
  <li><strong>query</strong>: Search field for work reference number, section 81 reference number, street information (partial match), USRN, or organisation</li>
  <li><strong>swa_code</strong>: Optional parameter to be used by contractors only. Used to provide the swa code of the promoter the contractor is working on behalf of</li>
  <li><strong>geographical_area_reference_number</strong>: An optional array of Geographical Areas that you would like to filter your list by as a HA user</li>

>   <li><strong>offset</strong>: The number of results to skip when returning the resultset, used for pagination</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <li><strong>offset</strong>: The number of results to skip when returning the result set, used for pagination</li>
```
